So let's get back to the documentation one more time to see what they have told us to do it.
So this is what they have told us over here.
So from Lang chain chroma import chroma and there is this vector store.
I'll probably copy this code and I'm going to paste it over here.
Uh so chroma and you see that I'm going to be using this chroma.
And then the collection name and the embedding function and the persist directory which is going to
be chroma lang chain DB.
Uh, which is great.
I mean, I don't have any problem with using any of the name, so I'm just going to go with that.
But the only thing which I don't think is going to be fitting in our requirement is going to be the
collection name over here.
So instead of this collection name, I'm going to give what is called as documents.
And the documents which I'm going to be giving over here is going to be all splits.
So the one that we have splitted into multiple chunks, which is this guy over here is what we are going
to be giving over here.
And the embedding function is the embedding function that we have created over here in the step three.
So that is what I have put over here.
This is step two.
This is step three.
And we also are going to store the data into this particular chroma lang DB.
So that's going to be this particular case over here right.
So that is going to be the vector store for us guys.
And we'll see how the vector store is going to store the data.
This process is going to take a long time.
And it is also going to blow my Max fan for the first time, because it does require quite a lot of
different operation to be taken care.
And look at that while I try to run this particular code over here, it says that the documents of all
store, all splits cannot be done because the because the keyword documents is unexpected.
So we can't really pass the documents over here.
So what is the solution for this particular problem?
Well we need to use this from documents method which does that exact same operation.
So we saw this from documents is the one method which can help us do uh loading the data from the particular
document.
So even though we try to use the directly from here, it's only specifically used for the collection.
But if you're going to be using for the documents then this from document method is what you need to
be using.
And you can see that even this also shows us an error like from documents over here.
And the reason why this is happening is because we actually need to use not the embedding function here,
but we have to use what is called as embedding, uh, to make this code to work.
Uh, yeah, that is the problem, I guess.
And now if I try to run this, you will notice that the code is just going to work.
And you'll also immediately notice that we have got a, uh, chroma lang chain DB.
Uh, like one created over there.
And this is going to store all the documents for us in the vector format, and it is going to create
a file for me over here.
So it's going to take a bit of a time for me to save this particular data.
But now you got the idea of how we can store the data from the splitted data after embedding into a
persistent storage, which is using the chroma vector stores.
So this is the process of how we can do this entire extraction and indexing operation while building
the rack operation with PDF files.
And the next operation we need to do is to retrieve this data from this particular rack operation,
which is the stored data from the vector stores.
We are going to be retrieving the data from the vector stores by.
And also we're going to use large language models.
And then we can ask the question and we're going to get the answer.
So we'll see how we can do that from our next lecture.